Updates the Serverless changelog (#1059)
elastic/docs-content: release-notes/elastic-cloud-serverless/index.md

* Uses Risk Engine `SavedObject` intead of `localStorage` on the Risk Score web page [#215304]({{kib-pull}}215304)
* Fixes autocomplete for comments when there is a space [#214696]({{kib-pull}}214696)
* Makes sure that the variables in the editor are always up to date [#214833]({{kib-pull}}214833)
* Calculates the query for retrieving the values correctly [#214905]({{kib-pull}}214905)
* Fixes overlay in integrations on mobile [#215312]({{kib-pull}}215312)
* Fixes chart in single metric anomaly detection wizard [#214837]({{kib-pull}}214837)
* Fixes regression that caused the cases actions to disappear from the detections engine alerts table bulk actions menu [#215111]({{kib-pull}}215111)
* Changes "Close project" to "Log out" in nav menu in serverless mode [#211463]({{kib-pull}}211463)
* Fixes search profiler index reset field when query is changed [#215420]({{kib-pull}}215420)

## March 17, 2025 [serverless-changelog-03172025]

### Features and enhancements [elastic-cloud-serverless-0317025-features-enhancements] 

* Enables read-only editor mode in Lens to explore panel configuration [#208554]({{kib-pull}}208554)

> * Allows sharing of Observability AI Assistant conversations [#211854]({{kib-pull}}211854)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allows you to share Observability AI Assistant conversations [#211854]({{kib-pull}}211854)
```

* Adds context-aware logic to Logs view in Discover [#211176]({{kib-pull}}211176)
* Replaces the Alerts status filter with filter controls [#198495]({{kib-pull}}198495)
* Adds SSL fields to agent binary source settings [#213211]({{kib-pull}}213211)
* Allows users to create a snooze schedule for rules via API [#210584]({{kib-pull}}210584)
* Splits up the top dependencies API for improved speed and response size [#211441]({{kib-pull}}211441)
* Adds working default metrics dashboard for Python OTel [#213599]({{kib-pull}}213599)
* Includes spaceID in SLI documents [#214278]({{kib-pull}}214278)

> * Adds support for the MV_EXPAND command with the ES|QL rule type [#212675]({{kib-pull}}212675)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds support for the `MV_EXPAND` command with the {{esql}} rule type [#212675]({{kib-pull}}212675)
```

* Enables endpoint actions for events [#206857]({{kib-pull}}206857)

> * The [`semantic_text`](elasticsearch://mapping-reference/semantic-text.md) field type is now GA on {{serverless-full}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduces GA support for the [`semantic_text`](elasticsearch://mapping-reference/semantic-text.md) field type on {{serverless-full}}
```

* Adds the ability for users to [customize prebuilt rules](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/174168). Users can modify most rule parameters, export and import prebuilt rules — including customized ones — and upgrade prebuilt rules while retaining customization settings [#212761]({{kib-pull}}212761)

### Fixes [elastic-cloud-serverless-03172025-fixes]
* Fixes a bug with ServiceNow where users could not create the connector from the UI form using OAuth [#213658]({{kib-pull}}213658)
* Prevents unnecessary re-render when switching between View and Edit modes [#213902]({{kib-pull}}213902)
* Adds `event-annotation-group` to saved object privileges for dashboards [#212926]({{kib-pull}}212926)
* Makes the Inspect configuration button permanently visible [#213619]({{kib-pull}}213619)
* Fixes service maps not building paths when the trace's root transaction has a `parent.id` [#212998]({{kib-pull}}212998)
* Fixes span links with OTel data [#212806]({{kib-pull}}212806)
* Makes {{kib}} retrieval namespace-specific [#213505]({{kib-pull}}213505)
* Ensures semantic queries contribute to scoring when retrieving knowledge from search connectors [#213870]({{kib-pull}}213870)

> * Passes telemetry.sdk* data when loading a dashboard [#214356]({{kib-pull}}214356)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Passes `telemetry.sdk` data when loading a dashboard [#214356]({{kib-pull}}214356)
```
Not sure but the * seemed out of place

* Fixes `checkPrivilege` to query with indices [#214002]({{kib-pull}}214002)
* Adds support for rollup data views that reference aliases [#212592]({{kib-pull}}212592)
* Fixes an issue with the Save button not working when editing event filters [#213805]({{kib-pull}}213805)
* Fixes dragged elements becoming invisible when dragging-and-dropping in Lens [#213928]({{kib-pull}}213928)
* Fixes alignment of the Alerts table in the Rule Preview panel [#214028]({{kib-pull}}214028)
* Fixes Bedrock defaulting region to `us-east-1` [#214251]({{kib-pull}}214251)
* Fixes an issue with the Agent binary download field being blank when a policy uses the default download source [#214360]({{kib-pull}}214360)
* Fixes navigation issues with alert previews [#213455]({{kib-pull}}213455)
* Fixes an issue with changing the width of a Timeline column width bug [#214178]({{kib-pull}}214178)
* Reworks the `enforce_registry_filters` advanced option in Elastic Defend to align with Endpoint [#214106]({{kib-pull}}214106)
* Ensures cell actions are initialized in Event Rendered view and fixes cell action handling for nested event renderers [#212721]({{kib-pull}}212721)

> * Supports `date_nanos` in `BUCKET` in the ES|QL editor [#213319]({{kib-pull}}213319)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supports `date_nanos` in `BUCKET` in the {{esql}} editor [#213319]({{kib-pull}}213319)
```

> * Fixes appearance of warnings in the ES|QL editor [#213685]({{kib-pull}}213685)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes appearance of warnings in the {{esql}} editor [#213685]({{kib-pull}}213685)
```
